CLI release notes v1.27.0 (#3743)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/release-notes.md

- **Stable versions**: {{CLI_VER_LATEST}}, {{CLI_VER_2}}, and {{CLI_VER_3}}. See [Astro CLI release and lifecycle policy](cli/release-lifecycle-policy.md) for more information about support for CLI versions.

## Astro CLI 1.27.0

> Release date: April 24, 2024

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release date: May 16, 2024
```

> ### New Flags for the Deployment Logs Commands: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### New flags for the Deployment logs commands: 
```

> Introducing new flags (`--webserver`, `--scheduler`, `--triggerer`, `--worker`) for the `astro deployment logs` command. Now users can parse logs for specific components, providing granular insights into Deployments and enhancing monitoring capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now parse logs for specific components, providing granular insights into Deployments and enhancing monitoring capabilities, with the following new flags for the `astro deployment logs` command:

- `--webserver`
- `--scheduler`
- `--triggerer`
- `--worker`
```

> ### Exclude DAG Files from Parse Test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Exclude DAG files from parse test
```

> Users can now exclude DAG files from testing with `astro dev parse` command. To get the new test, delete the `.astro/test_dag_integrity_default.py` file and run `astro dev init`. A new default test file will be created along with a `.astro/dag_integrity_exceptions.txt`. You can add dag files you want to be excluded to this text file. This allows you to exclude tests that you know do not pass the `astro dev parse` test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can exclude DAG files from testing with `astro dev parse` command. 

To get this new test option for an existing project, delete the `.astro/test_dag_integrity_default.py` file and run `astro dev init`. After you run this command, the Astro CLI creates a new default test file along with a `.astro/dag_integrity_exceptions.txt` text file. You can also add DAG files that you want to be excluded to the `dag_integrity_exceptions.txt` file, which allows you to exclude tests that you know do not pass the `astro dev parse` test.
```

### Additional improvements

> - The `astro deploy --image` command can now be used to deploy to deployments without pre-existing DAGs.
> - Users can now append `2>/dev/null | head` to commands to disregard upgrade messages. For example, running `astro completion bash 2>/dev/null | head`ensures that resulting bash script remains unaffected by the upgrade message.
> - New flag `astro deployment update --development-mode disable` to turn off development mode for an existing deployment. Note that you still cannot turn on development mode for an existing deployment.
> - New error message for expired API tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `astro deploy --image` command can now be used to deploy to Deployments without pre-existing DAGs.
- You can now append `2>/dev/null | head` to commands to disregard upgrade messages. For example, running `astro completion bash 2>/dev/null | head` ensures that resulting bash script remains unaffected by the upgrade message.
- A new flag is available, `astro deployment update --development-mode disable`, to turn off development mode for an existing deployment. Note that you still cannot turn on development mode for an existing deployment.
```

I don't think we need to include info that there is a new error message, but if the new error message contains important information, we can add it here

> 
> ### Bug fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bug fixes
```

> - Fixed an issue where deployments with identical names across different workspaces couldn't be created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where Deployments with identical names across different Workspaces couldn't be created
```

> - The upgrade-test command now returns the correct error code, ensuring accurate feedback during testing and CI/CD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `upgrade-test` command now returns the correct error code, ensuring accurate feedback during testing and CI/CD.
```

- **Stable versions**: {{CLI_VER_LATEST}}, {{CLI_VER_2}}, and {{CLI_VER_3}}. See [Astro CLI release and lifecycle policy](cli/release-lifecycle-policy.md) for more information about support for CLI versions.

## Astro CLI 1.27.0

Release date: May 16, 2024

### New flags for the Deployment logs commands: 

> You can now parse logs for specific components, providing granular insights into Deployments and enhancing monitoring capabilities, with the following new flags for the `astro deployment logs` command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can now filter logs for specific Deployment components using the following new flags for `astro deployment logs`:
```

Reviewer 2: Lmk what you think but I don't know what the middle clause is adding to a user's understanding of the change

- `--webserver`
- `--scheduler`
- `--triggerer`
- `--worker`

### Exclude DAG files from parse test

> You can exclude DAG files from testing with `astro dev parse` command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can exclude DAG files from testing with the `astro dev parse` command. 
```

> To get this new test option for an existing project, delete the `.astro/test_dag_integrity_default.py` file and run `astro dev init`. After you run this command, the Astro CLI creates a new default test file along with a `.astro/dag_integrity_exceptions.txt` text file. You can also add DAG files that you want to be excluded to the `dag_integrity_exceptions.txt` file, which allows you to exclude tests that you know do not pass the `astro dev parse` test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this new testing option for an existing project, delete the `.astro/test_dag_integrity_default.py` file and run `astro dev init`. After you run this command, the Astro CLI creates a new default test file along with a `.astro/dag_integrity_exceptions.txt` text file. You can also add DAG files that you want to be excluded to the `dag_integrity_exceptions.txt` file, which allows you to exclude tests that you know do not pass the `astro dev parse` test.
```

### Additional improvements

- The `astro deploy --image` command can now be used to deploy to Deployments without pre-existing DAGs.

> - You can now append `2>/dev/null | head` to commands to disregard upgrade messages. For example, running `astro completion bash 2>/dev/null | head` ensures that resulting bash script remains unaffected by the upgrade message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can now append `2>/dev/null | head` to commands to disregard upgrade messages. For example, running `astro completion bash 2>/dev/null | head` ensures that the resulting bash script remains unaffected by the upgrade message.
```

> - A new flag is available, `astro deployment update --development-mode disable`, to turn off development mode for an existing deployment. Note that you still cannot turn on development mode for an existing deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can now use the `--development-mode disable` flag with `astro deployment update` to turn off [development mode](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/deployment-resources#hibernate-a-development-deployment) for an existing Deployment. Note that you still cannot turn on development mode for an existing Deployment.
```

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed an issue where Deployments with identical names across different Workspaces couldn't be created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where Deployments with identical names across different Workspaces couldn't be created.
```

> - Fixed an issue where Deployments with identical names across different Workspaces couldn't be created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where you couldn't create two Deployments with identical names across different Workspaces. 
```
